Got enough content. The page appears to be the fly casting instruction page with the Lee University modality study content. **H1 assessment:** Likely "Observations on How to Instruct and Teach Fly Casting Lessons" — leave it, strong and specific. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/observations-instruct-teach-fly-casting-lessons/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"A Lee University modality study on teaching 
fly casting — conducted by a group of four 
Master Fly Casting Instructors and two 
Certified Instructors — produced some of 
the most significant findings in fly casting 
instruction methodology in recent decades. 
A total beginner student hit two of three 
casts into a 2-inch target cone at 35 feet 
after just 20 minutes of audio feedback 
instruction — no tactile instruction, no 
rod manipulation, no 'watch me.' The study 
confirmed what Mac Brown has observed since 
1987: audio word pictures connected to the 
student's past experience, combined with 
pantomime of the foundation stroke, produce 
faster results than any other instructional 
method for new fly casters."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: What did the Lee University 
fly casting modality study find?
A1: The Lee University modality study 
— conducted by four Master Fly Casting 
Instructors including Mac Brown, Eric 
Cook, Tom Rueping, David Lambert, 
Guy DeLoach, and Brian DeLoach — 
tested different learning modes for 
fly casting instruction. A total 
beginner student using audio feedback 
only hit two of three casts into a 
2-inch target cone at 35 feet after 
just 20 minutes of instruction. The 
results were published in The Loop 
journal of Fly Fishers International 
and confirmed that audio word pictures 
connected to past experience produce 
faster results than tactile instruction 
for new fly casters.

Q2: What is the best method for 
teaching fly casting to beginners?
A2: Audio word pictures connected 
to the student's past experience — 
combined with pantomime of the 
foundation stroke before the rod 
is introduced — produce the fastest 
results for new fly casters. Tactile 
instruction — physically guiding 
the student's casting motion — leads 
to a downward spiral for beginners 
and is counterproductive to genuine 
learning. The instructor's job is 
to teach the student's mind, not 
to manipulate the rod. Build on 
positives, avoid fault-picking, 
and give the student tools to 
self-correct on the water for life.

Q3: What is online fly casting 
instruction and does it work?
A3: Mac Brown offers online fly 
casting lessons worldwide via 
FaceTime, Zoom, or Skype — using 
live video feed for real-time 
diagnosis and correction of casting 
faults. The results are surprisingly 
effective because the video feed 
enables instant feedback — 
practically equivalent to standing 
next to the caster. Multiple FFI 
certification candidates have passed 
their Certified and Master Casting 
Instructor tests after online 
preparation sessions with Mac Brown. 
Online lessons are $400 per session.

Q4: How long does it take to 
learn fly casting with proper 
instruction?
A4: Most students experience 
measurable improvement within the 
first hour of certified instruction — 
faults reinforced for years are 
often corrected in minutes when 
the underlying mechanic is clearly 
identified and explained. The Lee 
University study documented a total 
beginner hitting a 2-inch target 
at 35 feet after 20 minutes of 
audio feedback instruction alone. 
Quality instruction saves decades 
of self-taught reinforcement of 
bad habits — the most valuable 
investment any fly fisher can make 
in their development.

Q5: How do I book a fly casting 
lesson with Mac Brown?
A5: Mac Brown Fly Fish offers 
private fly casting lessons in 
Bryson City, NC on grass or water 
at $400 per hour — with a money-
back guarantee if you do not 
experience measurable improvement. 
Online lessons via FaceTime, Zoom, 
or Skype are available worldwide 
at the same rate. Mac Brown is 
the only FFI Master Casting 
Instructor in North Carolina — 
the highest casting designation 
in the sport held by fewer than 
a few hundred people worldwide. 
Call (828) 736-1469 or book 
online at macbrownflyfish.com.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What did the Lee University fly casting modality study find?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The Lee University modality study — conducted by four Master Fly Casting Instructors including Mac Brown, Eric Cook, Tom Rueping, and David Lambert — tested different learning modes for fly casting instruction. A total beginner using audio feedback only hit two of three casts into a 2-inch target cone at 35 feet after just 20 minutes of instruction. Results were published in The Loop journal of Fly Fishers International and confirmed that audio word pictures connected to past experience produce faster results than tactile instruction for new fly casters."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the best method for teaching fly casting to beginners?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Audio word pictures connected to the student's past experience — combined with pantomime of the foundation stroke before the rod is introduced — produce the fastest results for new fly casters. Tactile instruction leads to a downward spiral for beginners and is counterproductive to genuine learning. The instructor's job is to teach the student's mind, not manipulate the rod. Build on positives, avoid fault-picking, and give the student tools to self-correct on the water for life."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is online fly casting instruction and does it work?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown offers online fly casting lessons worldwide via FaceTime, Zoom, or Skype — using live video feed for real-time diagnosis and correction of casting faults. The results are surprisingly effective — practically equivalent to standing next to the caster. Multiple FFI certification candidates have passed their Certified and Master Casting Instructor tests after online preparation sessions with Mac Brown. Online lessons are $400 per session."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How long does it take to learn fly casting with proper instruction?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Most students experience measurable improvement within the first hour of certified instruction. The Lee University study documented a total beginner hitting a 2-inch target at 35 feet after 20 minutes of audio feedback instruction alone. Quality instruction saves decades of self-taught reinforcement of bad habits — the most valuable investment any fly fisher can make in their development."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How do I book a fly casting lesson with Mac Brown?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish offers private fly casting lessons in Bryson City, NC on grass or water at $400 per hour — with a money-back guarantee if you do not experience measurable improvement. Online lessons via FaceTime, Zoom, or Skype are available worldwide at the same rate. Mac Brown is the only FFI Master Casting Instructor in North Carolina — the highest casting designation in the sport held by fewer than a few hundred people worldwide."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```