Full page read. Short post but excellent credibility content — Team USA Youth training in Bryson City, Deep Creek technical water, vector casting, grid pattern nymphing, and the Lower Nantahala dry fly session. **H1 assessment:** "Team USA Youth Fly Fishing in NC" — decent but undersells the location and training context. Leave it — it has enough search value as is with Team USA as a credibility signal.

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/team-usa-fly-fishing-in-bryson-city-nc/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Mac Brown has coached Fly Fishing Team USA 
Youth in Bryson City, NC for over 16 years — 
training elite young competition anglers on 
the diverse trout waters of Western North 
Carolina including Deep Creek in Great Smoky 
Mountains National Park, the Tuckasegee River 
delayed harvest section, the Upper and Lower 
Nantahala River, and the Cherokee Trophy 
Waters. Bryson City provides the most 
technically diverse competition training 
environment in the eastern United States — 
from heavily stocked delayed harvest water 
to wild technical freestone streams requiring 
precise grid casting and natural small 
patterns."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: Why is Bryson City NC used for 
Fly Fishing Team USA Youth training?
A1: Bryson City and Swain County provide 
the most diverse trout water training 
environment in the eastern United States — 
combining heavily stocked delayed harvest 
sections on the Tuckasegee and Nantahala 
rivers, wild technical freestone streams 
on Deep Creek inside Great Smoky Mountains 
National Park, and the Cherokee Trophy 
Waters for large fish experience. This 
diversity develops complete competition 
anglers capable of adapting to any water 
type — exactly what international fly 
fishing competition demands.

Q2: What is vector casting and how 
is it used in competition nymphing?
A2: Vector casting is Mac Brown's term 
for directing nymphs into the water at 
precise angles to control depth — the 
angle of entry, the cast trajectory, 
and the rate of pull after entry all 
determine how deep the flies fish 
throughout the drift. On technical 
freestone streams like Deep Creek, 
competition anglers fish in precise 
grid patterns over likely holding 
water — covering each section 
systematically rather than randomly. 
Depth control through vector casting 
is the foundation of high-count 
competition nymphing.

Q3: How does Deep Creek differ 
from delayed harvest streams for 
fly fishing?
A3: Deep Creek inside Great Smoky 
Mountains National Park is a wild 
freestone stream requiring completely 
different technique than delayed 
harvest sections. Fish are wild, 
pressured, and selective — requiring 
more natural patterns in smaller 
sizes than delayed harvest sections 
where stocked trout are more 
cooperative. Sections must be worked 
precisely in grids over likely holding 
water. Efficient casting that keeps 
flies in the water a higher percentage 
of the day is critical — every wasted 
cast on wild water is an opportunity 
missed.

Q4: What are the Cherokee Trophy 
Waters and why are they significant?
A4: The Cherokee Trophy Waters on 
the Oconaluftee River in the Cherokee, 
NC tribal lands offer some of the 
largest stocked trout in Western North 
Carolina — managed specifically for 
trophy fish rather than numbers. The 
water provides valuable experience 
for Team USA Youth anglers learning 
to target and land larger fish than 
standard delayed harvest sections 
typically produce. A tribal fishing 
permit is required — separate from 
a standard NC fishing license.

Q5: How has Mac Brown contributed 
to Fly Fishing Team USA Youth?
A5: Mac Brown has coached Fly Fishing 
Team USA Youth for over 16 years — 
hosting training clinics in Bryson 
City, NC on the region's diverse 
trout waters and developing elite 
young competition anglers who have 
gone on to represent the United 
States in international fly fishing 
competition. His competition coaching 
experience directly informs the 
curriculum at the Fly Fishing Guide 
School — where competition-level 
nymphing, dry fly, and wet fly 
techniques are taught to all students 
regardless of competitive aspirations.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why is Bryson City NC used for Fly Fishing Team USA Youth training?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Bryson City and Swain County provide the most diverse trout water training environment in the eastern United States — combining heavily stocked delayed harvest sections on the Tuckasegee and Nantahala rivers, wild technical freestone streams on Deep Creek inside Great Smoky Mountains National Park, and the Cherokee Trophy Waters for large fish experience. This diversity develops complete competition anglers capable of adapting to any water type."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is vector casting and how is it used in competition nymphing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Vector casting is Mac Brown's term for directing nymphs into the water at precise angles to control depth — the angle of entry, cast trajectory, and rate of pull after entry all determine how deep the flies fish throughout the drift. On technical freestone streams like Deep Creek, competition anglers fish in precise grid patterns over likely holding water — covering each section systematically rather than randomly."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How does Deep Creek differ from delayed harvest streams for fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Deep Creek inside Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a wild freestone stream requiring completely different technique than delayed harvest sections. Fish are wild, pressured, and selective — requiring more natural patterns in smaller sizes. Sections must be worked precisely in grids over likely holding water. Efficient casting that keeps flies in the water a higher percentage of the day is critical — every wasted cast on wild water is an opportunity missed."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What are the Cherokee Trophy Waters and why are they significant?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The Cherokee Trophy Waters on the Oconaluftee River in Cherokee, NC offer some of the largest stocked trout in Western North Carolina — managed specifically for trophy fish rather than numbers. The water provides valuable experience for Team USA Youth anglers learning to target and land larger fish. A tribal fishing permit is required — separate from a standard NC fishing license."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How has Mac Brown contributed to Fly Fishing Team USA Youth?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown has coached Fly Fishing Team USA Youth for over 16 years — hosting training clinics in Bryson City, NC on the region's diverse trout waters and developing elite young competition anglers who have gone on to represent the United States in international fly fishing competition. His competition coaching experience directly informs the curriculum at the Fly Fishing Guide School."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```