5-star-ratingJohn Mauldin, Ph.D. 3/15/19
“You all did a wonderful job of bringing together a highly experienced group of teachers. I expect the collective years of experience were well over a hundred. The tips and ideas offered were very helpful to me. I also felt more confident after several people did critiques and corrections. I got a feel for the loops rather than a strictly mechanical approach. Everyone was very kind and considerate. Great class!”

5-star-ratingPaul Barbour, Ohio, 4/18
Do yourself a huge favor, and instead of buying that new fly rod that’s carved out of unicorn horn, or the new reel that’s milled from fairy wings, try attending Mac’s seminar. You will see much more improvement with Mac than any new gear could possibly offer. It’s a fabulous value— great people, a gorgeous setting, and world-class instruction.
I could not recommend it more!”

5-star-ratingMorgan Cryster, Greeneville, SC 11/10/18
“Thanks for a great class.”

5-star-ratingAaron Christensen, Charlotte, NC 11/10/18
“Instagram does not leave enough room to describe the quality of this program. Two full days of instruction from three of the top instructors and casters in the country and world. Yes, it’s worth every penny, and yes you should do it. The best casting instruction imaginable. Highly recommend it to my fly-fishing friends who want to advance their casting and teaching skills to the next level. The class provides the tools and confidence to succeed.”

5-star-ratingFrank Conlon, Raleigh, NC 11/11/18
“The last two days were incredible! It really inspired me to be better. I can’t remember a more rewarding 2 days. This class really inspired me to improve! I am so determined to practice more than ever. Thanks”

5-star-ratingJason Fleming, NC, 11/10/18
“Mac is awesome! He got me to cast the entire line with a double haul on a slow 8′ 4wt rod. He did it himself first and then told me the line was on backward and fixed it. I was lucky to intern with his fly fishing class at WCU.”

5-star-ratingJohn Nabors, Madisonville, GA 12/7/17
“Thank you for your patience and willingness to teach us what you love. Thank you for being you. It’s hard to come across someone like you who is true, genuine, sincere, and real. I greatly appreciate that.”

5-star-ratingLeo Tammaro, Boston, MA 8/7/18
“I wanted to thank you, Tom and Eric, for all of the information given during the 2-day workshop. It was the perfect balance between classroom information and practical instruction. I highly recommend this course for anyone seriously pursuing certification. The takeaways from this course have helped me improve my casting, diagnose casting faults, and make the necessary corrections needed to advance as a casting instructor.”