Full page read. **H1 assessment:** "Comprehensive Fly Line Study at WCU" — strong and specific. Leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/comprehensive-university-fly-line-study/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Mac Brown's comprehensive fly line study 
conducted at Western Carolina University 
in 1995 tested popular 5-weight fly lines 
for three critical performance variables — 
friction (coefficient of friction), specific 
gravity (floatation), and elasticity (stretch 
ratio). The study tested Rio, Scientific 
Anglers, Cortland, Monic, and Airflo lines 
using laboratory instruments including a 
Pasco photographic timer and precision 
gripping jaws. The findings: look for the 
lowest coefficient of friction for shooting 
distance, the lowest specific gravity for 
floating lines that float highest longest, 
and a stretch ratio between 5-6% for the 
best all-around trout fishing performance."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable accordion:

Q1: What is the coefficient of friction 
in a fly line and why does it matter?
A1: The coefficient of friction measures 
how much resistance a fly line encounters 
as it shoots through the rod guides — 
the lower the number the less friction 
and the greater the shooting distance 
with the same effort. The WCU friction 
test used a Pasco photographic timer 
with a 70-gram weight falling through 
time gates to measure COF precisely 
across 71cm sections of running line. 
Line coating quality is the primary 
determinant of COF — and the difference 
between brands is significant enough 
to measurably affect casting distance.

Q2: What is specific gravity in a 
fly line and why does it matter?
A2: Specific gravity measures the 
density of fly line material relative 
to water. A specific gravity below 1.0 
means the material floats. The lower 
the specific gravity number the higher 
and longer the line floats on the water's 
surface. For dry fly fishing and surface 
presentations, look for the lowest 
specific gravity available. Lines with 
specific gravity above 1.0 sink — 
intentionally in the case of sinking 
lines and unintentionally in the case 
of poorly manufactured floating lines.

Q3: What is fly line elasticity and 
which stretch ratio is best?
A3: Elasticity measures how much a 
fly line stretches under load — tested 
in the WCU study by stretching 150cm 
line sections with 25 pounds of force. 
More supple lines stretch more and 
develop fewer memory coils when pulled 
from the reel. Most trout anglers 
perform best with a stretch ratio 
between 5% and 6%. Tournament casters 
and subsurface anglers often prefer 
lower stretch for better loop face 
stability. Big-game anglers prefer 
greater stretch to absorb the shock 
of aggressive strikes. Line core — 
braided or solid mono — significantly 
influences elasticity and memory in 
cold weather. Avoid solid mono cores 
in cold climates.

Q4: Why does fly line tip sinking 
happen and how do you prevent it?
A4: Fly line tip sinking occurs when 
water absorbs into the tip of the fly 
line over time — degrading floatation 
and producing drag in the presentation. 
Many manufacturers now fuse a loop at 
the tip to prevent water absorption 
and provide twice the floatation. Mac 
Brown's preferred solution is the Dave 
Whitlock splicing method — using a 
#9 embroidery needle, pin vise, super 
glue, and emery cloth to create a 
direct splice between fly line and 
leader that eliminates the bump of 
a loop-to-loop connection entirely.

Q5: Does fly line brand really 
make a difference in fly casting?
A5: Yes — and the WCU study proved 
it with laboratory data. Coefficient 
of friction, specific gravity, and 
elasticity all vary measurably between 
brands and directly affect shooting 
distance, floatation quality, and 
memory coil formation. Mac Brown has 
been a Scientific Anglers brand 
ambassador since early in his guiding 
career — recommending their lines for 
the consistent performance data that 
supports their quality claims. The 
best fly line investment is the one 
matched to your specific fishing 
conditions and casting style.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the coefficient of friction in a fly line and why does it matter?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The coefficient of friction measures how much resistance a fly line encounters as it shoots through the rod guides — the lower the number the less friction and the greater the shooting distance with the same effort. The WCU friction test measured COF precisely across 71cm sections of running line. Line coating quality is the primary determinant of COF — and the difference between brands is significant enough to measurably affect casting distance."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is specific gravity in a fly line and why does it matter?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Specific gravity measures the density of fly line material relative to water. A specific gravity below 1.0 means the material floats. The lower the specific gravity number the higher and longer the line floats on the water's surface. For dry fly fishing and surface presentations, look for the lowest specific gravity available."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is fly line elasticity and which stretch ratio is best?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Elasticity measures how much a fly line stretches under load. Most trout anglers perform best with a stretch ratio between 5% and 6%. Tournament casters and subsurface anglers prefer lower stretch for better loop face stability. Big-game anglers prefer greater stretch to absorb shock. Line core — braided or solid mono — significantly influences elasticity and memory in cold weather. Avoid solid mono cores in cold climates."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why does fly line tip sinking happen and how do you prevent it?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Fly line tip sinking occurs when water absorbs into the tip over time — degrading floatation and producing drag in the presentation. Many manufacturers now fuse a loop at the tip to prevent water absorption. Mac Brown's preferred solution is the Dave Whitlock splicing method — using a #9 embroidery needle, pin vise, super glue, and emery cloth to create a direct splice that eliminates the bump of a loop-to-loop connection entirely."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Does fly line brand really make a difference in fly casting?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Yes — and the WCU study proved it with laboratory data. Coefficient of friction, specific gravity, and elasticity all vary measurably between brands and directly affect shooting distance, floatation quality, and memory coil formation. The best fly line investment is the one matched to your specific fishing conditions and casting style."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```