The Bottom Line
I have been fortunate to present to national clubs and shows since I began down the path of working in outdoor recreation. In 2025, I was speaking to the FFI club in Mountain Hom, AR. This was special for me because as a young kid in 1967 my grandfather that taught me the love of fishing had a place in Oakland, AR. It was the place where it really all began for me. During this talk, my friend Davy Wotton – Wet-Fly Guru interjected when I was answering a question about our programs. Davy interjected that in no way could anyone in that room begin to put all these things together from remaining self-taught for the rest of their years. It was striking to me at first that he said it, but he knows well after many decades as an educator. We talked about it later that night and I realize he is absolutely 100% making that claim. Here is how I worked through it after discussion with him further on the matter. I have been incredibly blessed in this industry to have worked with all my heroes in the industry. I mean every one of them. It is not like a one and done thing for me either. Some of these icons were hugely popular and many were more in the category of proven. I have learned things from both groups here. I will however always favor proven over popular and education over entertainment. The past decade has been so extremely rewarding to me in that now I am getting to learn from many of my hero's abroad that are the pinnacle of their teaching career as educators in fly fishing. These folks are genuine, honest, sincere, and real. Top of their game. Not some Big Brand Chain advertisements in the typical tabloids of America. We all need inspiration to wake up and excel a bit further in a growth direction each day. Fly fishing is just that, a problem is present, and we come up with solutions to solve a new twist on the water every outing. That is the beauty of the sport.
Four days, taught by one of the most credentialed faculties in the country, at a fraction of the cost of comparable elite programs — with lunch included and a proven track record since 1987. Whether the goal is a guiding career or simply becoming the angler you've always wanted to be, the value math holds up.
