Full page read. Excellent content — the David Woody jigging technique, the induced strike countdown method, the six-cast rule, and the wet fly line control technique are all unique and valuable. **H1 assessment:** "Learning to Nymph Fish" — clean and search-relevant. Leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/learning-to-nymph-fish/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Learning to nymph fish is the single 
fastest way to increase your trout catch 
— trout feed subsurface 80-90% of the 
time, making nymph fishing the most 
consistently productive technique in fly 
fishing. Mac Brown has been nymph fishing 
the Nantahala River and wild streams of 
the Smoky Mountains since 1987, developing 
proactive approaches including the induced 
strike countdown method, David Woody's 
jigging technique, wet fly line control 
at distance, and the six-cast rule for 
quickly solving the puzzle on any stream. 
The biggest determining factor for success 
is how quickly you adjust to fish behavior 
on any given day — not which fly you are 
using."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: What is the most effective nymph 
fishing technique for trout?
A1: The most effective nymph fishing 
technique depends on the conditions — 
which is why the best nymph fishers carry 
a full tactics quiver. Dead drift nymphing 
with an indicator covers water at distance 
beyond 35 feet. Tight line and Euro 
nymphing excels at close range in fast 
water. The induced strike — a countdown 
of one to five seconds followed by an 
immediate hook set or backcast — produces 
fish that are feeding heavily and taking 
flies on the descent. David Woody's 
jigging technique — moving the rod tip 
in small circles as flies straighten below — 
imparts erratic movement that triggers 
strikes from lockjawed fish.

Q2: What is the induced strike in 
nymph fishing?
A2: The induced strike is Mac Brown's 
countdown method for setting the hook 
before the fish rejects the fly — 
developed on the Nantahala River in 
the early 1990s during heavy feeding 
sessions. When large numbers of fish 
are in a run, the flash of the fish 
heading away after feeling the hook 
means the set came too late. Using 
a countdown of one to five seconds 
and going immediately into a hook 
set — before the fish has a chance 
to reject — dramatically increases 
hook-up percentage when fish are 
feeding heavily on the descent.

Q3: What is the six-cast rule in 
nymph fishing?
A3: The six-cast rule is Mac Brown's 
on-stream adjustment guideline — if 
your current rigging and presentation 
is correct you should have plenty of 
strikes within six casts to any given 
piece of water. If six casts produce 
nothing, move on through your tactics 
quiver — adjust weight, indicator 
depth, fly pattern, or presentation 
method. The puzzle on most Smoky 
Mountain streams changes throughout 
the day based on light conditions, 
water temperature, barometric pressure, 
and fish mood. The six-cast rule keeps 
you moving and adjusting rather than 
flogging unproductive water.

Q4: What are the different European 
nymphing styles and when should 
I use them?
A4: Czech, French, Polish, and Spanish 
nymphing are all variations of tight 
line nymphing using colored mono 
sighters instead of traditional 
indicators. Czech nymphing uses heavy 
beaded nymphs and very close range 
presentation in fast pocket water. 
French nymphing uses lighter flies 
and longer leaders for deeper slower 
water. Polish and Spanish styles 
sit between these extremes. All use 
the same principle — direct contact 
with the fly eliminates indicator 
lag and dramatically improves strike 
detection. The rod angle and retrieval 
rate during the drift allows fishing 
varying depths with the same flies.

Q5: Where can I learn nymph fishing 
in the Smoky Mountains?
A5: Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, 
NC offers the Comprehensive Nymph 
Fishing Clinic — a weekend program 
covering indicator nymphing, tight 
line and Euro nymphing, induced 
strike technique, wet fly line 
control, jigging methods, and the 
six-cast rule — all applied on the 
Nantahala River and wild streams of 
Great Smoky Mountains National Park. 
All gear provided, all skill levels 
welcome. Guided nymph fishing trips 
are also available year-round on the 
Tuckasegee River delayed harvest 
section and the Nantahala River.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the most effective nymph fishing technique for trout?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The most effective nymph fishing technique depends on the conditions. Dead drift nymphing with an indicator covers water at distance beyond 35 feet. Tight line and Euro nymphing excels at close range in fast water. The induced strike — a countdown followed by an immediate hook set — produces fish feeding heavily and taking flies on the descent. David Woody's jigging technique — moving the rod tip in small circles as flies straighten below — triggers strikes from lockjawed fish."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the induced strike in nymph fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The induced strike is Mac Brown's countdown method for setting the hook before the fish rejects the fly — developed on the Nantahala River in the early 1990s. When large numbers of fish are in a run, the flash of the fish heading away means the set came too late. Using a countdown of one to five seconds and going immediately into a hook set — before the fish has a chance to reject — dramatically increases hook-up percentage when fish are feeding heavily on the descent."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the six-cast rule in nymph fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The six-cast rule is Mac Brown's on-stream adjustment guideline — if your current rigging and presentation is correct you should have plenty of strikes within six casts to any given piece of water. If six casts produce nothing, move on through your tactics quiver — adjust weight, indicator depth, fly pattern, or presentation method. The six-cast rule keeps you moving and adjusting rather than flogging unproductive water."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What are the different European nymphing styles and when should I use them?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Czech, French, Polish, and Spanish nymphing are all variations of tight line nymphing using colored mono sighters. Czech nymphing uses heavy beaded nymphs at very close range in fast pocket water. French nymphing uses lighter flies and longer leaders for deeper slower water. All use direct contact with the fly — eliminating indicator lag and dramatically improving strike detection. Rod angle and retrieval rate during the drift allows fishing varying depths with the same flies."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Where can I learn nymph fishing in the Smoky Mountains?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, NC offers the Comprehensive Nymph Fishing Clinic — a weekend program covering indicator nymphing, tight line and Euro nymphing, induced strike technique, wet fly line control, jigging methods, and the six-cast rule — all applied on the Nantahala River and wild streams of Great Smoky Mountains National Park. All gear provided, all skill levels welcome."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```