Pulling it now.Full page read. **H1 assessment:** "Cracking the Code in Trout Fishing" — strong, search-relevant, leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/learn-crack-code-trout-fishing/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Cracking the code in trout fishing requires 
observation, adaptability, and a willingness 
to embrace failure as the foundation of 
learning — FAIL stands for First Attempt In 
Learning. Presentation and technique always 
trump fly pattern. Trout feed opportunistically 
throughout the day on most Western North 
Carolina waters — carry nymphs in varying 
weights, dry flies, wet flies, and streamers, 
and adjust by weight before worrying about 
what is hatching. Mac Brown has been cracking 
the code on the Tuckasegee River, Deep Creek, 
and the wild streams of Great Smoky Mountains 
National Park since 1987."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable accordion:

Q1: How do you crack the code in 
trout fishing?
A1: Observation is the foundation. 
Read where fish are holding relative 
to water type, depth, and current 
speed — then adjust approach, 
technique, and rigging based on what 
the fish tell you, not what the fly 
shop tells you. Trout feeding behavior 
changes throughout the day and season. 
Angling pressure moves fish from prime 
water to secondary water over time. 
The anglers who crack the code most 
consistently keep an open mind and 
change tactics the moment observation 
suggests something isn't working.

Q2: Does fly pattern really matter 
for catching trout?
A2: Less than most anglers believe. 
Presentation and technique always 
trump fly pattern — the masses believe 
success is directly related to fly 
selection, but nothing could be further 
from the truth in most situations. 
On Western North Carolina waters, 
adjust fly weight first before 
worrying about matching the hatch. 
Trout feed opportunistically and 
sample the drift — carry nymphs 
in varying weights, dry flies, wet 
flies, and streamers, and let fish 
behavior dictate the adjustment.

Q3: What are A, B, C, and D 
waters in trout fishing?
A3: A, B, C, and D waters are a 
coaching framework for reading how 
angling pressure redistributes trout 
through a river system. A water is 
the most productive holding water 
on a given day — but repeated pressure 
causes fish to disperse into B, C, 
and D waters as they become more 
selective. Over time C and D waters 
become the new A and B waters as 
pressure accumulates. The angler who 
recognizes this shift and moves with 
the fish catches far more trout than 
the one who keeps flogging the same 
water.

Q4: Why do beginners sometimes 
outfish experienced fly fishers?
A4: Experienced self-taught fly 
fishers often carry years of 
reinforced bad habits — in casting, 
presentation, and approach — that 
override what the water is telling 
them. Beginners with proper 
foundational instruction have no 
bad habits yet and respond more 
readily to coaching in the moment. 
The top-level elite fly fishers are 
different — they have observation 
skills and fish behavior awareness 
that beginner luck cannot match 
over a full day on the water.

Q5: How do I learn to read water 
and crack the code on Smoky Mountain 
trout streams?
A5: A guided instructional trip 
with Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson 
City, NC is the fastest path — 
covering water reading, fish 
behavior, rigging adjustments, 
approach and stealth, and on-stream 
problem solving on the Tuckasegee 
River, Deep Creek, and wild streams 
of Great Smoky Mountains National 
Park. Mac Brown has been teaching 
anglers to crack the code since 1987. 
All gear provided, all skill levels 
welcome.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How do you crack the code in trout fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Observation is the foundation. Read where fish are holding relative to water type, depth, and current speed — then adjust approach, technique, and rigging based on what the fish tell you, not what the fly shop tells you. Trout feeding behavior changes throughout the day and season. Angling pressure moves fish from prime water to secondary water over time. Keep an open mind and change tactics the moment observation suggests something isn't working."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Does fly pattern really matter for catching trout?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Less than most anglers believe. Presentation and technique always trump fly pattern. On Western North Carolina waters, adjust fly weight first before worrying about matching the hatch. Trout feed opportunistically and sample the drift — carry nymphs in varying weights, dry flies, wet flies, and streamers, and let fish behavior dictate the adjustment."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What are A, B, C, and D waters in trout fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "A, B, C, and D waters are a coaching framework for reading how angling pressure redistributes trout through a river. A water is the most productive holding water on a given day — but repeated pressure causes fish to disperse into B, C, and D waters as they become more selective. Over time C and D waters become the new A and B waters. The angler who recognizes this shift and moves with the fish catches far more trout."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why do beginners sometimes outfish experienced fly fishers?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Experienced self-taught fly fishers often carry years of reinforced bad habits in casting, presentation, and approach that override what the water is telling them. Beginners with proper foundational instruction have no bad habits yet and respond more readily to coaching in the moment."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How do I learn to read water and crack the code on Smoky Mountain trout streams?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "A guided instructional trip with Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, NC is the fastest path — covering water reading, fish behavior, rigging adjustments, approach and stealth, and on-stream problem solving on the Tuckasegee River, Deep Creek, and wild streams of Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Mac Brown has been teaching anglers to crack the code since 1987. All gear provided, all skill levels welcome."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```