Hello,
This is the final email for the upcoming school. Several have contacted me about what to bring. https://flyfishingguideschool.com/necessary-items-fly-fishing-guide-school/ Pack like you are going on a fishing holiday with your flies, tippet, vest, wading boots, rods, reels, etc...  If you have a vice for tying feel free to bring that as well. We will fit tying into the week for getting across basic concepts as a foundation. The weather in mid-October can be all over the spectrum so be prepared with rain gear, warm gear, just in case. Be sure to have a notebook as each morning is like a class setting for taking down notes to remind you what is covered. 

I am really looking forward to meeting this group and having fun discussing fly fishing & the many facets of this great sport. Safe travels, Mac  

Day 1: Arrive at Pavilion (Link is on Google Maps) https://maps.app.goo.gl/bA9oyvo2T7cC3ieQ7

8:00 AM Cover fly casting and teaching effectively the where, when, why, and how it applies to the sport. Rigging discussions. Diagnostics of fly casting and how much to cover. Gear discussions on fly lines & leaders. People skills as instructors and how it applies to the client. 
12:00 Lunch
4:00 Free time to fish or play around in the field casting


Day 2:
8:00 AM Drive to wade fish Webster (Big Pull off right below Island)  https://maps.app.goo.gl/XeRCftoowWxrphRF9 
Discussions on the water of nymphing, wets, streamers, and dry fly. Rigging, techniques, and developing process on the stream. Line control and presentation. Hooksets and fish playing skills. 
12:00 Lunch
4:00 Free time to fish or casting.
. 

Day 3: 
8:00 Meet at boat ramp on Tuckasegee to begin the rowing discussions. https://maps.app.goo.gl/QP2GMo35GfqmpGKi8 Reading water and safety working from a boat.
10:00 Running the lower Tuckaseggee river (class 1) and how do we fish from a boat and teach it to clients? 
12:00 Lunch
12:45 Switch rowers and have them guide down the river. 
4:00 Free time to fish.


Day 4: 
Links TBA the Day Before for the final two days will be either: 
Island Park in Bryson:  https://maps.app.goo.gl/1bSKUuAeCXZyAPqZ7
Or Deep Creek Baptist Church : https://maps.app.goo.gl/CDXE1hYwKYt343Q36

8:15 Get a drift exercise on line control and mending on the water wade fishing for dry fly 
12:00 Lunch
12:45 Taking drift to the next level on the dry fly game with more line control tips & tricks
3:30 Free time to fish or casting.
6:30 Dinner & intro into bugs and seasons for various hatches.

Day 5: 
8:00 AM Get a drift exercise on line control and mending on the water wade fishing for streamers and wet flies. Line retrieval mastery to induce greater hookups.   
12:00 Lunch
12:45 Taking drift to the next level on the wet fly game with more line control tips & tricks. Discuss business models in the fly fishing industry. 
1:30 Ceremony and certificates for the Fly Fishing Guide School handed out. Conclusion of the week. 
