Full page read. Rich content — loch-style rigging, UK Team USA Youth connection, John Horsey and David Downie, booby flies, blob patterns, and the specific lake lineup near Bryson City. **H1 assessment:** "Fly Fishing Lakes & Stillwaters" — clean and search-relevant. Leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/learn-catch-trout-fly-fishing-lakes-stillwaters-ponds-lochs/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Fly fishing lakes and stillwaters near 
Bryson City, NC offers some of the most 
underrated trout fishing in the Smoky 
Mountains — with fish significantly larger 
than typical river trout. Mac Brown Fly Fish 
guides loch-style lake trips on Bear Lake, 
Wolf Lake, Tanasee Lake, Cheoah Lake, 
Calderwood Lake, Fontana Lake, and Nantahala 
Lake — all high mountain impoundments in 
the Smoky Mountains. Standard loch-style 
rigging uses three flies on an 18-20 foot 
leader — bob fly on the top dropper, middle 
dropper in the center, point fly at the end 
— spaced 5-6 feet apart on Maxima 
fluorocarbon 3X. The retrieval rate is the 
single most important variable separating 
good loch-style anglers from great ones."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: What lakes near Bryson City NC 
offer good fly fishing?
A1: Mac Brown Fly Fish guides lake 
fly fishing trips on Bear Lake, Wolf 
Lake, Tanasee Lake, Cheoah Lake, 
Calderwood Lake, Fontana Lake, and 
Nantahala Lake — all high mountain 
impoundments near Bryson City in the 
Smoky Mountains of Western North 
Carolina. Lake trout are significantly 
larger than typical river trout on 
these waters. A crafted wooden dory 
is the boat of choice for loch-style 
lake fly fishing in this region.

Q2: What is loch-style fly fishing?
A2: Loch-style fly fishing is a 
traditional UK method for stillwater 
trout — fishing a cast of three flies 
on a long leader from a drifting boat, 
using varied retrieval rates to imitate 
different aquatic insects and baitfish 
at different depths. The bob fly — 
top dropper closest to the rod — is 
worked across the surface on the 
retrieve to imitate emerging insects. 
The middle dropper and point fly fish 
at varying depths depending on line 
type and retrieval speed. Mac Brown 
learned loch-style techniques from 
elite UK anglers including John Horsey 
from England and David Downie from 
Scotland during Fly Fishing Team USA 
Youth training clinics in Bryson City.

Q3: What fly rod and line setup is 
best for lake fly fishing?
A3: A 10-foot 7-weight rod is Mac 
Brown's recommended setup for lake 
fly fishing in the Smoky Mountains 
— the longer length enables longer 
casts with less effort and provides 
better control during the retrieve. 
Fly line choices for lakes are more 
complex than river fishing — ranging 
from floating lines and midge tips 
through glass lines, sweep lines, 
and full sinking lines with densities 
from type 1 through type 14. Line 
density determines sink rate and 
the depth at which the flies fish. 
All line types are provided on Mac 
Brown Fly Fish guided lake trips.

Q4: What flies work best for lake 
and stillwater trout fishing?
A4: Lake fly patterns differ 
significantly from river flies. Mac 
Brown's preferred lake patterns include 
blobs, boobies, lures, and traditional 
UK wet flies. Boobies — featuring foam 
eyes — float independently of the fly 
line, enabling unique presentations 
where the line fishes beneath the fly 
over grass flats. Blob patterns provide 
strong attraction in low light. The 
Humongous and Woolly Bugger are reliable 
lure patterns. Most patterns are tied 
on size 10 hooks. Traditional UK wet 
fly color combinations — available 
through Davy Wotton's patterns — have 
been productive for hundreds of years.

Q5: Can I book a guided lake fly 
fishing trip near Bryson City NC?
A5: Yes — Mac Brown Fly Fish offers 
guided lake fly fishing trips year-round 
on the high mountain impoundments near 
Bryson City, NC. Lake trips are $875 
for a full day for 1 or 2 anglers — 
all rods, reels, lines, flies, and 
tackle provided. Loch-style lake 
fishing is particularly productive 
in spring and fall when trout are 
most actively feeding near the 
surface. Book at macbrownflyfish.com 
or call (828) 736-1469.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What lakes near Bryson City NC offer good fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish guides lake fly fishing trips on Bear Lake, Wolf Lake, Tanasee Lake, Cheoah Lake, Calderwood Lake, Fontana Lake, and Nantahala Lake — all high mountain impoundments near Bryson City in the Smoky Mountains of Western North Carolina. Lake trout are significantly larger than typical river trout on these waters. A crafted wooden dory is the boat of choice for loch-style lake fly fishing in this region."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is loch-style fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Loch-style fly fishing is a traditional UK method for stillwater trout — fishing a cast of three flies on a long leader from a drifting boat, using varied retrieval rates to imitate different aquatic insects at different depths. Mac Brown learned loch-style techniques from elite UK anglers including John Horsey from England and David Downie from Scotland during Fly Fishing Team USA Youth training clinics in Bryson City."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What fly rod and line setup is best for lake fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "A 10-foot 7-weight rod is Mac Brown's recommended setup for lake fly fishing — the longer length enables longer casts with less effort. Fly line choices range from floating lines and midge tips through glass lines, sweep lines, and full sinking lines with densities from type 1 through type 14. Line density determines sink rate and the depth at which the flies fish. All line types are provided on Mac Brown Fly Fish guided lake trips."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What flies work best for lake and stillwater trout fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown's preferred lake patterns include blobs, boobies, lures, and traditional UK wet flies. Boobies — featuring foam eyes — float independently of the fly line, enabling unique presentations over grass flats. Blob patterns provide strong attraction in low light. The Humongous and Woolly Bugger are reliable lure patterns. Most patterns are tied on size 10 hooks. Traditional UK wet fly color combinations have been productive for hundreds of years."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Can I book a guided lake fly fishing trip near Bryson City NC?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Yes — Mac Brown Fly Fish offers guided lake fly fishing trips year-round on the high mountain impoundments near Bryson City, NC. Lake trips are $875 for a full day for 1 or 2 anglers — all rods, reels, lines, flies, and tackle provided. Loch-style lake fishing is particularly productive in spring and fall when trout are most actively feeding near the surface."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```