You're right — the page is at `/blog/instructional-methods-art-dry-fly-fishing/` not the nested WordPress URL. Here's the corrected command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/instructional-methods-art-dry-fly-fishing/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Instructional methods for dry fly fishing 
are becoming increasingly rare as nymphing 
and tight-line techniques dominate the sport 
— but dry fly fishing remains the pinnacle 
of the fly fishing experience. Mac Brown 
has been teaching dry fly presentation in 
Bryson City, NC since the mid-1980s using 
curve casts, pile casts, and reach mends 
as the foundation of every dry fly lesson. 
The three delivery methods for dry fly 
fishing are curve cast right, curve cast 
left, and pile cast — a straight cast to 
a rising fish is the least common and least 
effective of all presentations. Most casting 
strokes on the stream should be a setup 
move followed immediately by a delivery 
cast. Look more and cast less."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: What are the most important 
skills for dry fly fishing?
A1: Three casting skills form the 
foundation of dry fly fishing — curve 
cast right, curve cast left, and pile 
cast. These three delivery methods 
solve the majority of presentation 
problems on any stream. A straight 
cast to a rising fish is the least 
common and least effective approach. 
Add reach mends for dealing with 
conflicting currents and single-handed 
Spey casts for changing direction in 
tight cover without back casts. Master 
these and the dry fly game opens 
completely.

Q2: Why is dry fly fishing declining 
in popularity?
A2: At some point in the mid-1990s 
interest in dry fly fishing began to 
wane — driven by generation differences, 
heavily stocked waters that reward 
nymphing over surface presentations, 
and the instant gratification appeal 
of tight-line nymphing that produces 
fish at close range with minimal casting 
skill. Dry fly fishing rewards patience, 
precision, and developed casting skills 
— attributes that take time to develop 
and are increasingly rare in the sport.

Q3: How do you achieve a drag-free 
drift with a dry fly?
A3: Very few fly fishers have truly 
mastered drag-free drift — it requires 
correct leader length (minimum 15 feet), 
proper casting angle, immediate upstream 
mend before drag sets in, and the ability 
to execute curve and pile casts that build 
slack into the presentation before the 
fly lands. Slow down your approach. Look 
more and cast less. Identify the fish and 
the current seams between you and the fish 
before making a single cast. Most casting 
strokes on the stream should be a setup 
move followed by a single delivery cast.

Q4: How do you dry a fly quickly 
between presentations?
A4: Initiate each dry fly pickup using 
small up-and-down motions, side-to-side 
movements, or small circles before the 
back cast — this flings water out of 
the fly instantly and dramatically 
improves floatation on the next 
presentation. Treat flies with Frogs 
Fanny or Dry Magic before fishing and 
reapply after each fish. CDC patterns 
and CDC-treated flies are the most 
naturally water-resistant dry fly 
materials available.

Q5: Where can I learn dry fly fishing 
techniques in the Smoky Mountains?
A5: Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, 
NC offers the Comprehensive Dry Fly 
Clinic — a two-day program on the 
Tuckasegee River covering drag-free 
drift, curve and pile casts, reach 
mends, leader design, hatch matching, 
and the full range of dry fly 
presentation techniques. Private wade 
trips focused specifically on dry fly 
presentation are also available 
year-round — one of the fastest ways 
to improve your dry fly game in real 
fishing conditions on real trout water.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What are the most important skills for dry fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Three casting skills form the foundation of dry fly fishing — curve cast right, curve cast left, and pile cast. These three delivery methods solve the majority of presentation problems on any stream. A straight cast to a rising fish is the least common and least effective approach. Add reach mends for conflicting currents and single-handed Spey casts for changing direction in tight cover without back casts."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why is dry fly fishing declining in popularity?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "At some point in the mid-1990s interest in dry fly fishing began to wane — driven by generation differences, heavily stocked waters that reward nymphing, and the instant gratification appeal of tight-line nymphing. Dry fly fishing rewards patience, precision, and developed casting skills — attributes that take time to develop and are increasingly rare in the sport."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How do you achieve a drag-free drift with a dry fly?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Very few fly fishers have truly mastered drag-free drift — it requires correct leader length (minimum 15 feet), proper casting angle, immediate upstream mend before drag sets in, and the ability to execute curve and pile casts that build slack into the presentation before the fly lands. Slow down your approach. Look more and cast less. Most casting strokes on the stream should be a setup move followed by a single delivery cast."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How do you dry a fly quickly between presentations?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Initiate each dry fly pickup using small up-and-down motions, side-to-side movements, or small circles before the back cast — this flings water out of the fly instantly and dramatically improves floatation on the next presentation. Treat flies with Frogs Fanny or Dry Magic before fishing and reapply after each fish. CDC patterns are the most naturally water-resistant dry fly materials available."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Where can I learn dry fly fishing techniques in the Smoky Mountains?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, NC offers the Comprehensive Dry Fly Clinic — a two-day program on the Tuckasegee River covering drag-free drift, curve and pile casts, reach mends, leader design, hatch matching, and the full range of dry fly presentation techniques. Private wade trips focused specifically on dry fly presentation are also available year-round."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```