Full page read. **H1 assessment:** "Fly Fishing Line Retrieval Techniques" — strong search intent, leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/fly-fishing-line-retrieval-techniques/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Line retrieval in fly fishing is far more 
than stripping in slack — it is a line 
storage mechanism, a presentation tool, 
and a hook-setting system all in one. Mac 
Brown's vector pull method — published in 
Fly Fisherman magazine in February 1996 and 
covered in depth in Casting Angles — 
produces over 400% less movement than 
traditional strip retrieval, manipulates 
four times the fly line per retrieve, can 
remove over 24 feet of slack instantly on 
the hook set, and is the only retrieval 
method that keeps all casting on the stream 
to one back cast and a delivery cast. 
Hundreds of clients report dramatic 
improvement in hook-up percentages after 
learning the vector pull."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable accordion:

Q1: What are the main fly fishing 
line retrieval methods?
A1: Three primary methods — each 
suited to different situations. The 
vector pull is Mac Brown's standard 
method for dries and nymphs in moving 
water — producing minimal angler 
movement, maximum line control, and 
superior hook-set ability. The hand 
twist retrieve is best for slow water 
nymphing — keeping the line hand in 
direct contact with the fly line for 
maximum strike sensitivity. The strip 
retrieve is best for active presentations 
with streamers and wet flies — varying 
speed and cadence to impart lifelike 
motion to the fly.

Q2: What is the vector pull method 
in fly fishing?
A2: The vector pull is Mac Brown's 
proprietary line retrieval technique 
published in Fly Fisherman magazine 
in February 1996 and covered in 
Casting Angles. It produces over 400% 
less angler movement than traditional 
strip retrieval, handles four times 
the line per retrieve, and can remove 
over 24 feet of slack in an instant 
during the hook set. The technique 
uses a low striking angle combined 
with the surface tension of the water 
to set the hook — far more effective 
than the classic high rod strike that 
produces poor hook-up ratios.

Q3: Why should I avoid storing 
fly line in small coils?
A3: Small coils have a tendency to 
create fly line knots at the first 
stripping eyelet — one of the most 
common and frustrating problems on 
the water. They also require increased 
false casting to manage, and they 
prevent shooting long distances 
effectively. Mac Brown recommends 
large loop coils that lay cleanly 
and shoot without tangling. Surface 
tension between fly line and water 
is strong — the less line left on 
the water during retrieval the easier 
and farther it shoots on the next cast.

Q4: How does line retrieval affect 
hook-up percentage in fly fishing?
A4: Dramatically. The method you 
choose determines how quickly you 
can remove slack when a strike 
occurs, how low you can strike to 
use surface tension on the hook set, 
and whether you can match the speed 
of a fish swimming toward you after 
the take. The vector pull can remove 
over 24 feet of slack instantly — 
no other retrieval method comes 
close. Clients who learn the vector 
pull consistently report dramatic 
improvement in hook-up ratios on 
both trout and saltwater species.

Q5: Which line retrieval method 
is best for nymph fishing?
A5: The vector pull is Mac Brown's 
standard method for nymphing with 
an indicator or dry-dropper rig in 
moving water — keeping all casting 
to one back cast and a delivery cast 
while minimizing angler movement. 
For tight-line Euro nymphing the 
vector pull prevents the rod tip 
bouncing that plagues short-strip 
retrievals and destroys strike 
detection on the sighter. The hand 
twist retrieve excels in very slow 
water where direct line hand contact 
maximizes sensitivity for subtle takes.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What are the main fly fishing line retrieval methods?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Three primary methods — each suited to different situations. The vector pull is Mac Brown's standard method for dries and nymphs in moving water — producing minimal angler movement, maximum line control, and superior hook-set ability. The hand twist retrieve is best for slow water nymphing — keeping the line hand in direct contact for maximum strike sensitivity. The strip retrieve is best for active presentations with streamers and wet flies — varying speed and cadence to impart lifelike motion."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the vector pull method in fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The vector pull is Mac Brown's proprietary line retrieval technique published in Fly Fisherman magazine in February 1996 and covered in Casting Angles. It produces over 400% less angler movement than traditional strip retrieval, handles four times the line per retrieve, and can remove over 24 feet of slack in an instant during the hook set. The technique uses a low striking angle combined with surface tension of the water to set the hook — far more effective than the classic high rod strike."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why should I avoid storing fly line in small coils?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Small coils have a tendency to create fly line knots at the first stripping eyelet. They also require increased false casting to manage and prevent shooting long distances effectively. Mac Brown recommends large loop coils that lay cleanly and shoot without tangling. Surface tension between fly line and water is strong — the less line left on the water during retrieval the easier and farther it shoots on the next cast."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "How does line retrieval affect hook-up percentage in fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Dramatically. The method you choose determines how quickly you can remove slack when a strike occurs, how low you can strike to use surface tension on the hook set, and whether you can match the speed of a fish swimming toward you after the take. The vector pull can remove over 24 feet of slack instantly. Clients who learn it consistently report dramatic improvement in hook-up ratios on both trout and saltwater species."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Which line retrieval method is best for nymph fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The vector pull is Mac Brown's standard method for nymphing in moving water — keeping all casting to one back cast and a delivery cast while minimizing angler movement. For tight-line Euro nymphing the vector pull prevents the rod tip bouncing that destroys strike detection on the sighter. The hand twist retrieve excels in very slow water where direct line hand contact maximizes sensitivity for subtle takes."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```