Got it — let me read it first before writing anything.Got it — this is genuine evergreen content about fall delayed harvest fishing, October Caddis, and big brown trout — not a dated fishing report at all. You're right to keep it indexed. **H1 assessment:** Likely "Fall Delayed Harvest Trout Fishing Season NC" — strong search intent. Leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/fall-delayed-harvest-trout-fishing-season-nc/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Fall delayed harvest trout fishing season 
in North Carolina begins October 1 on the 
Tuckasegee River through downtown Bryson 
City and the Upper Nantahala River — when 
catch-and-release regulations take effect 
and fresh stockings begin. Fall is Mac 
Brown's favorite season for big fish — 
half a dozen of his personal best brown 
trout have fallen to a large October Caddis 
pattern on the wild streams of Great Smoky 
Mountains National Park. Streamer fishing 
on the lower Nantahala also produces 
adrenaline-rush encounters with the largest 
brown trout of the year as water temperatures 
drop and fish migrate into feeding mode."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable 
accordion:

Q1: When does delayed harvest season 
start in North Carolina?
A1: North Carolina delayed harvest 
season begins October 1 and runs 
through the first Saturday of June. 
During this period catch-and-release 
only is required on all designated 
delayed harvest streams — including 
the Tuckasegee River through downtown 
Bryson City and the Upper Nantahala 
River. Only single-hook artificial 
lures are permitted. No natural bait 
may be possessed. NCWRC stocks delayed 
harvest sections in October, November, 
March, April, and May.

Q2: What is the best fly fishing 
on the Tuckasegee River in fall?
A2: The Tuckasegee River delayed 
harvest section through downtown 
Bryson City opens October 1 with 
fresh stockings of rainbow and brown 
trout — approximately 27,048 trout 
covering 2.2 miles of stream from 
Darnell Farms bridge to Mountain 
Ford bridge in town. Float trips 
on the Tuckasegee produce some of 
the highest fish counts of the entire 
year during fall delayed harvest. 
The river offers excellent fly 
fishing access by both wade and 
drift boat throughout the season.

Q3: What is the October Caddis and 
why is it important in fall fly fishing?
A3: The October Caddis is a large 
orange-bodied caddisfly that hatches 
in fall on the wild streams of Great 
Smoky Mountains National Park — 
triggering some of the most aggressive 
dry fly takes of the entire year from 
the largest brown trout in the system. 
Half a dozen of Mac Brown's personal 
best brown trout have fallen to large 
October Caddis patterns on the park 
streams. Large parachute patterns, 
elk hair caddis, and stimulators in 
sizes 8-12 produce best during peak 
October Caddis activity.

Q4: Is streamer fishing good on 
the Nantahala River in fall?
A4: Yes — fall is the prime streamer 
season on the Nantahala River as 
dropping water temperatures trigger 
aggressive predatory feeding behavior 
from the largest brown trout in the 
system. Some of the largest record 
brown trout on the Nantahala have 
fallen to streamers during fall 
conditions. Mac Brown has documented 
days on the lower Nantahala producing 
six brown trout over six pounds to 
the boat on a single guided float 
trip during fall streamer season.

Q5: Can I book a fall guided trip 
on the Tuckasegee or Nantahala?
A5: Yes — Mac Brown Fly Fish offers 
guided float trips and wade trips 
on the Tuckasegee River delayed 
harvest section and the Nantahala 
River throughout fall and winter. 
Fall trips are among the most 
popular of the entire year — 
combining world-class trout fishing 
with the most spectacular Smoky 
Mountain scenery of the season. 
All gear provided. Book at 
macbrownflyfish.com or call 
(828) 736-1469.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "When does delayed harvest season start in North Carolina?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "North Carolina delayed harvest season begins October 1 and runs through the first Saturday of June. During this period catch-and-release only is required on all designated delayed harvest streams — including the Tuckasegee River through downtown Bryson City and the Upper Nantahala River. Only single-hook artificial lures are permitted. NCWRC stocks delayed harvest sections in October, November, March, April, and May."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the best fly fishing on the Tuckasegee River in fall?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The Tuckasegee River delayed harvest section through downtown Bryson City opens October 1 with fresh stockings of rainbow and brown trout. Float trips on the Tuckasegee produce some of the highest fish counts of the entire year during fall delayed harvest. The river offers excellent fly fishing access by both wade and drift boat throughout the season."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the October Caddis and why is it important in fall fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The October Caddis is a large orange-bodied caddisfly that hatches in fall on the wild streams of Great Smoky Mountains National Park — triggering some of the most aggressive dry fly takes of the entire year from the largest brown trout in the system. Half a dozen of Mac Brown's personal best brown trout have fallen to large October Caddis patterns on the park streams. Large parachute patterns, elk hair caddis, and stimulators in sizes 8-12 produce best during peak activity."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Is streamer fishing good on the Nantahala River in fall?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Yes — fall is the prime streamer season on the Nantahala River as dropping water temperatures trigger aggressive predatory feeding behavior from the largest brown trout in the system. Some of the largest record brown trout on the Nantahala have fallen to streamers during fall conditions. Mac Brown has documented days on the lower Nantahala producing six brown trout over six pounds to the boat on a single guided float trip during fall streamer season."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Can I book a fall guided trip on the Tuckasegee or Nantahala?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Yes — Mac Brown Fly Fish offers guided float trips and wade trips on the Tuckasegee River delayed harvest section and the Nantahala River throughout fall and winter. Fall trips are among the most popular of the entire year — combining world-class trout fishing with the most spectacular Smoky Mountain scenery of the season. All gear provided. Book at macbrownflyfish.com or call (828) 736-1469."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```