Got it — I have the full content. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/understanding-loop-plane/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"Understanding loop plane in fly casting 
breaks one of the sport's most persistent 
myths — that rod plane always matches loop 
plane. It does not. A curved rod tip path 
is the only rod path that enables you to 
change the loop plane. A straight rod tip 
path produces a loop plane that matches 
the rod plane. A crescent moon-shaped curved 
path lets the caster direct the loop over, 
under, inside, or outside the rod plane — 
opening up all 360 degrees of available 
loop plane for presentation casts. Every 
fly cast is either straight or a curve. 
Controlling loop plane is the gateway to 
executing any presentation cast in any 
condition on any water."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable accordion:

Q1: What is loop plane in fly casting?
A1: Loop plane is the plane in which 
the fly line loop travels after leaving 
the rod tip — determined by the rod tip 
path during the casting stroke. A straight 
rod tip path produces a loop plane that 
matches the rod plane. A curved rod tip 
path — like a crescent moon shape — 
enables the caster to direct the loop 
anywhere around that path through 360 
degrees of available plane. Understanding 
loop plane is essential for executing 
presentation casts that go beyond 
simple accuracy and distance casting.

Q2: Does rod plane always match 
loop plane in fly casting?
A2: No — and this is one of the most 
widely misunderstood concepts in fly 
casting instruction. Traditional teaching 
holds that a vertical rod plane produces 
a vertical loop plane. This is only true 
when the rod tip path is straight. When 
you make a vertical stroke with a curved 
crescent moon-shaped rod path, the loop 
plane can be directed directly vertical, 
inverted, or anywhere in between — 
regardless of the rod plane. A curved 
path is the only rod path that enables 
you to change the loop plane.

Q3: What is the loop plane exercise 
for learning presentation casts?
A3: Start with a horizontal rod plane 
and a straight rod tip path — the loop 
travels directly out and away. Now curve 
the rod path upward during the power 
application using a shallow crescent 
moon shape — the loop plane rotates 
to vertical. Then guide the rod hand 
downward following a shallow salad bowl 
shape — the loop plane inverts with the 
fly leg traveling on the bottom. This 
exercise demonstrates that loop plane 
is entirely controlled by the shape of 
the rod tip path — not the rod plane itself.

Q4: What is the moon concept for 
teaching loop plane?
A4: The moon concept uses the image 
of the moon as a reference point for 
the rod tip path. Scribing the rod tip 
straight through the moon produces a 
traditional straight cast. Moving the 
rod tip path over the moon, under the 
moon, outside the moon, or inside the 
moon produces different loop planes 
and different presentations. Think of 
the cardinal points on a compass — 
there are many degrees of variation 
available between each position. Mac 
Brown used this as a warm-up exercise 
with his children during casting practice.

Q5: Where can I learn loop plane 
control from a certified instructor?
A5: Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, 
NC offers private fly casting lessons 
and the Masterclass Casting Workshop 
covering loop plane control, curve 
casts, tuck casts, pile casts, and 
the full range of presentation casts 
— led by Mac Brown, the only FFI 
Master Casting Instructor in North 
Carolina. Loop plane is a core 
component of the Fly Fishing Guide 
School curriculum. Online lessons 
available worldwide via FaceTime, 
Zoom, or Skype at $400 per session.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is loop plane in fly casting?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Loop plane is the plane in which the fly line loop travels after leaving the rod tip — determined by the rod tip path during the casting stroke. A straight rod tip path produces a loop plane that matches the rod plane. A curved rod tip path enables the caster to direct the loop anywhere around that path through 360 degrees of available plane. Understanding loop plane is essential for executing presentation casts beyond simple accuracy and distance casting."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Does rod plane always match loop plane in fly casting?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "No — this is one of the most widely misunderstood concepts in fly casting instruction. Traditional teaching holds that a vertical rod plane produces a vertical loop plane. This is only true when the rod tip path is straight. When you make a vertical stroke with a curved crescent moon-shaped rod path, the loop plane can be directed vertical, inverted, or anywhere in between regardless of the rod plane. A curved path is the only rod path that enables you to change the loop plane."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the loop plane exercise for learning presentation casts?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Start with a horizontal rod plane and a straight rod tip path — the loop travels directly out and away. Curve the rod path upward using a shallow crescent moon shape — the loop plane rotates to vertical. Guide the rod hand downward following a shallow salad bowl shape — the loop plane inverts with the fly leg traveling on the bottom. This exercise demonstrates that loop plane is entirely controlled by the shape of the rod tip path, not the rod plane itself."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is the moon concept for teaching loop plane?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "The moon concept uses the image of the moon as a reference point for the rod tip path. Scribing the rod tip straight through the moon produces a traditional straight cast. Moving the rod tip path over the moon, under the moon, outside, or inside produces different loop planes and different presentations. Think of the cardinal points on a compass — there are many degrees of variation available between each position."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Where can I learn loop plane control from a certified instructor?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, NC offers private fly casting lessons and the Masterclass Casting Workshop covering loop plane control, curve casts, tuck casts, pile casts, and the full range of presentation casts — led by Mac Brown, the only FFI Master Casting Instructor in North Carolina. Online lessons available worldwide via FaceTime, Zoom, or Skype at $400 per session."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```