It is incredibly frustrating to be stuck in a loop with support when your project previews won't load, especially when you are trying to move quickly. You are very likely correct that you are dealing with automated first-tier support bots giving you canned "everything looks fine" responses.
When a Replit project says the code is fine but the preview is blank or broken, the issue is almost always a mismatch between the port the code is listening on and the port Replit's preview window is trying to watch.
Here is how you can bypass support and fix the preview issue yourself:
🔌 1. Check the Port Binding (The Most Common Culprit)
Replit's preview tool expects your web server to run on a specific port (usually 3000 for Next.js/React or 8080). If your code is running on a random port, the backend stays active, but the preview pane stays completely blank.
The Fix: Open your configuration files (like package.json or your server setup files) and ensure the start script specifies port 3000.
Force the Port: Try changing your environment variables or start command to explicitly use PORT=3000.
📁 2. Check the .replit Configuration File
Replit relies on a hidden configuration file named .replit to know exactly how to run your project and display the preview. If the Replit Agent messed up this file, the preview will break.
Open the .replit file in your sidebar.
Look for the [packager] or [deployment] sections.
Ensure the run command matches your exact framework (e.g., npm run dev for development previews or npm run start). If the Agent accidentally left it on a production command, the local preview window can hang indefinitely.
🛑 3. Kill Ghost Processes via the Shell
Sometimes a previous version of your app gets "stuck" running in Replit's background container. This prevents the new preview from spinning up because the port is blocked.
Open your Shell tab in Replit.
Type fuser -k 3000/tcp (replace 3000 with your port if it is different) and hit Enter. This forcefully kills any invisible ghost processes.
Click the Run button again to restart the project fresh.
🔄 4. Bypass Replit Previews Entirely (The Ultimate Workaround)
Since you already have GitHub and Vercel hooked up, you do not actually need Replit's built-in preview pane to see if your project works.
Push your current code changes from Replit to your GitHub repository.
Vercel will automatically catch the push and generate a Vercel Preview URL for that exact commit.
Check the deployment tab in your Vercel dashboard. If the site loads perfectly on the Vercel preview link, your code is 100% fine, and you can completely ignore Replit's broken preview window.
To help narrow this down and get your preview back, let me know:
What framework is this specific project using (Next.js, standard React, or something else)?
What error message or status code (like 500, 404, or just a spinning wheel) shows up in the blank preview pane?
Do you see a specific error in the Replit Console tab when you hit the Run button?
AI can make mistakes, so double-check responses 
Try without personalization





I am running next.js


8 sites

Since you are running Next.js, you hit a very well-documented issue on Replit. The Replit Agent is great, but it frequently breaks Next.js previews because Next.js has a strict internal port detection system that struggles inside Replit's cloud containers. [1]
The backend code is likely completely fine, but the Replit preview window is trying to listen to the wrong place. Here is how you can bypass the AI support loop and fix this manually right now: [1, 2]
🛠️ The Absolute Best Fix: Explicitly Route the Port
If you imported this project from GitHub or if the Agent changed the file structure, Replit's environment needs to be explicitly told how to route the Next.js development server traffic. [1, 2]
In your Replit left sidebar, look for a file named .replit and open it.
Scroll to the very bottom of the file and paste this exact snippet on its own new lines:
toml
[[ports]]
localPort = 3000
externalPort = 80
Use code with caution.

Stop the project using the red Stop button at the top, wait 5 seconds, and click Run again. This forces Replit to map Next.js's default port (3000) perfectly to the preview screen. [1, 2]
🌐 The "0.0.0.0" Binding Check
Next.js naturally likes to bind to localhost or 127.0.0.1. However, inside a cloud system like Replit, the server must listen to all incoming networks (0.0.0.0), or the preview window will show a permanent white or blank screen. []
Open your package.json file from the file tree.
Look under the "scripts" section for your "dev" command.
Change it to explicitly force the host network:
json
"dev": "next dev -H 0.0.0.0"
Use code with caution.

Stop your project and hit Run again. []
🛑 Check for a Stuck Agent Ghost Process
If the Replit Agent spent the last 2 days trying to run errors, it likely left a "ghost process" running in the background container. This means port 3000 is locked up, and your new changes can't actually start up. [1]
Open the Shell tab in Replit.
Run this command to completely wipe out any hung processes:
bash
kill 1
Use code with caution.

(Note: This safely reboots your virtual Linux mini-machine container instantly).
Press Run to let Next.js spin up completely fresh. [1]
🚀 Stop Using the Preview Window Entirely
Do not let a broken Replit window stop your work. Because you have the Vercel connection ready, you can completely ignore Replit's built-in preview pane: [1, 2]
Look at the very top of your broken preview panel for a small URL bar or an "Open in New Tab" arrow icon. Click it to open the preview in a standard browser tab. If it works there, Replit's internal frame is just bugged. [1, 2]
Alternatively, push your code directly to GitHub. Vercel will immediately build a lightning-fast preview URL on its own dashboard. If the Vercel link works, your Next.js project is fully functional, and you can fire Replit's AI support! [1]
Let me know:
Did adding the [[ports]] block to the .replit file bring the preview back?
Does the Terminal Console say Ready in X ms or does it show an error when you click Run? [1]