Full page read. **H1 assessment:** "Roll Cast Efficiency" — clean and search-relevant. Leave it. Here's the command:

```
On macbrownflyfish.com make the following 
changes to one page then run bash push.sh 
to deploy. No other changes.

PAGE: /blog/roll-cast-efficiency/

AEO — add immediately below H1:
"The roll cast is the most versatile and 
underutilized tool in fly fishing — essential 
for tight spaces, changing direction, 
eliminating slack, recovering snagged flies, 
raising sink tips, assisting hook sets, and 
forming the foundation of all Spey casting 
through anchor placement. Mac Brown teaches 
the static roll cast as the foundation of 
rod loading awareness — if it fails at 
distance, problems in the loading move are 
exposed immediately. The most common fault 
is too much power. In fly casting, less is 
more — and the roll cast proves it faster 
than any other technique."

FAQ — add before footer as expandable accordion:

Q1: What is a roll cast in fly fishing?
A1: A roll cast delivers the fly line 
and fly forward without a back cast — 
using the surface tension of the water 
to load the rod through a single 
forward stroke. It is the most 
practical cast in actual fishing 
conditions, where overhead obstacles, 
bank vegetation, and tight stream 
corridors make a full aerial cast 
impossible. The roll cast also forms 
the foundation of all Spey casting — 
every Spey cast begins with a form 
of roll cast anchor placement.

Q2: What is a static roll cast?
A2: A static roll cast is performed 
from a stationary line position — 
the fly line is laid on the water 
and the cast is made without a 
pickup or repositioning move. It 
is the purest test of rod loading 
mechanics in fly casting. Problems 
during the loading move show up 
immediately in the static roll cast 
at distance — making it one of the 
most valuable diagnostic tools for 
casting instructors and one of the 
most tested elements on FFI Certified 
Instructor and Master Casting 
Instructor exams.

Q3: Why do most fly casters 
struggle with the roll cast?
A3: Too much power — the most common 
fault in fly casting across all casts 
and all skill levels. In projectile 
sports, throwing harder produces more 
distance. In fly casting, forcing 
the stroke produces wide open loops, 
poor rod loading, and collapsed roll 
casts at distance. The concept of 
less is more is central to efficient 
roll casting — a smooth controlled 
loading move followed by a decisive 
stop produces a tighter, farther 
loop than maximum effort every time.

Q4: When should you use a roll 
cast while fly fishing?
A4: Any time a full overhead cast 
is not possible or not efficient — 
tight streamside canopy, limited 
wading space, wind from behind, 
or picking up a slack line for 
the next drift. The roll cast also 
helps in recovering snagged flies, 
raising sink tips and heavy nymphs 
back to the surface, clearing slack 
from the drift before the hook set, 
and initiating efficient pickup 
moves before aerial casts. On 
small Smoky Mountain streams it 
is used more than any other cast.

Q5: Where can I learn roll casting 
from a certified instructor?
A5: Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson 
City, NC offers private fly casting 
lessons and the Masterclass Casting 
Workshop covering static and dynamic 
roll casts, Spey fundamentals, anchor 
placement, and the full range of 
water casts — led by Mac Brown, 
the only FFI Master Casting 
Instructor in North Carolina. The 
Scientific Anglers Mastery Expert 
Distance line in orange is Mac's 
recommended practice line for 
developing efficient roll cast 
mechanics. Online lessons available 
worldwide via FaceTime, Zoom, or 
Skype at $400 per session.

JSON-LD for <head>:
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  "mainEntity": [
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is a roll cast in fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "A roll cast delivers the fly line and fly forward without a back cast — using the surface tension of the water to load the rod through a single forward stroke. It is the most practical cast in actual fishing conditions where overhead obstacles and tight stream corridors make a full aerial cast impossible. The roll cast also forms the foundation of all Spey casting — every Spey cast begins with a form of roll cast anchor placement."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "What is a static roll cast?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "A static roll cast is performed from a stationary line position — the fly line is laid on the water and the cast is made without a pickup or repositioning move. It is the purest test of rod loading mechanics in fly casting. Problems during the loading move show up immediately in the static roll cast at distance — making it one of the most valuable diagnostic tools for casting instructors and one of the most tested elements on FFI certification exams."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Why do most fly casters struggle with the roll cast?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Too much power — the most common fault in fly casting across all casts and skill levels. In projectile sports, throwing harder produces more distance. In fly casting, forcing the stroke produces wide open loops and collapsed roll casts at distance. Less is more — a smooth controlled loading move followed by a decisive stop produces a tighter, farther loop than maximum effort every time."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "When should you use a roll cast while fly fishing?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Any time a full overhead cast is not possible — tight streamside canopy, limited wading space, wind from behind, or picking up a slack line for the next drift. The roll cast also helps in recovering snagged flies, raising sink tips and heavy nymphs back to the surface, clearing slack before the hook set, and initiating efficient pickup moves before aerial casts."
      }
    },
    {
      "@type": "Question",
      "name": "Where can I learn roll casting from a certified instructor?",
      "acceptedAnswer": {
        "@type": "Answer",
        "text": "Mac Brown Fly Fish in Bryson City, NC offers private fly casting lessons and the Masterclass Casting Workshop covering static and dynamic roll casts, Spey fundamentals, anchor placement, and the full range of water casts — led by Mac Brown, the only FFI Master Casting Instructor in North Carolina. Online lessons available worldwide via FaceTime, Zoom, or Skype at $400 per session."
      }
    }
  ]
}
</script>

Then run bash push.sh to deploy. No other changes.
```